c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Smartclusters.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Smartclusters.pdb
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Smartclusters.xap
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\SmartclustersTestPage.html
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.xml
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.xml
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.xml
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.xml
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.pdb
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Data.pdb
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.pdb
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.xml
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.pdb
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DomainServices.xml
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.pdb
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.pdb
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.xml
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.xml
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ar\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\bg\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ca\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\cs\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\da\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\de\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\el\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\es\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\et\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\eu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\he\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\hr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\hu\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\id\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\it\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\lt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\lv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ms\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\nl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\no\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\pl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\pt\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ro\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sl\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sv\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\th\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\tr\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\uk\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\vi\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.DomainServices.Client.Web.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\de\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\es\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fr\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\it\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ja\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ko\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ru\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.ServiceModel.Web.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\de\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\es\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\it\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Xml.Linq.resources.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\obj\Debug\Smartclusters.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\obj\Debug\Smartclusters.g.resources
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\obj\Debug\Smartclusters.dll
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\obj\Debug\Smartclusters.pdb
c:\users\jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.xml
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.Data.Input.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\system.windows.controls.datavisualization.toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.Internals.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\system.windows.controls.datavisualization.toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\system.windows.controls.datavisualization.toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Controls.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ar\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\bg\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ca\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\cs\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\da\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\el\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\et\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\eu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\he\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\hr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\hu\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\id\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\lt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\lv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ms\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\nl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\no\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\pl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\pt\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ro\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sl\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sr-Cyrl-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\sv\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\th\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\tr\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\uk\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\vi\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.gridview.dll
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.gridview.pdb
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\Bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.gridview.xml
C:\Users\Jetal\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\obj\Debug\MenuSelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Jetal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OSS\tmp\Smartclusters\Smartclusters\obj\Debug\CountryPopulation.g.cs
